[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[PIPIMI yelling]
[POPUKO] You're supposed
to always throw rock first
in rock, paper, scissors.
But I'mma throw paper!
[laughs]
[PIPIMI]
What?!
[PIPIMI screams]
[POPUKO]
Did I finish her?
Hell yeah!
I know. I'll go to Kyoto.
Gonna place a whole bunch
of get-off-my-lawn stones.
[POPUKO]
I huffed and puffed
as I moved my
get-off-my-lawn stones.
Mm, this is tasty.
'Scuse me, do you mind
if I put my seat down?
[PIPIMI] Yes, I do mind,
ya damn young'un.
Fine, then how 'bout I
put you down, geezer?
I see.
The frog in the well knows
nothing of the great ocean.
Very well. I accept
your challenge!
It would appear that
you both accept.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Train battle!
[CONDUCTOR A]
Attention, passengers:
A train battle declaration has
just been issued in car 6.
We ask that the remaining
passengers in car 6
move to another car in a
swift and orderly fashion,
and those who would
like to watch the match
do so on the giant
screens in car 2.
Well, old man.
You're gonna regret this.
Hmph. You're going to
learn manners, young'un.
[CONDUCTOR A]
The train battle will now begin.
[yells]
[PIPIMI]
This is nothing.
[gasps]
[POPUKO]
Ah! Damn, that's bright!
[PIPIMI]
Anything's a weapon!
[POPUKO]
Ow, ow, ow! Ice cream hurts!
Ah! Damn it.
Hey, you know that one comedian?
You know, the guy
with the thing?
Heh. Now's my chance!
[yells]
[yelling]
They're both down.
Whoever gets up first will
be declared the winner.
[PIPIMI] To think we've both
been dealt this much damage.
Can you believe it?
[gasps]
[PIPIMI] Impossible.
You were just as hurt as I am.
Take a look outside, old man.
[PIPIMI]
Outside?
[gasps]
[PIPIMI]
D-Doctor Y[beep]!
Doctor Y[beep] is known
to bestow good luck
upon those who see it.
Well, old man, guess
the goddess of victory
has smiled down on me this time.
[CONDUCTOR A]
The winner is Popuko.
Popuko.
[sighs]
So I've lost. You win this time.
I used to be better.
I was once a feisty little
train battler like you.
[POPUKO]
Could that be... an ashtray?
[PIPIMI] Back in the days of
Japan's booming economic growth,
bullet trains became a
symbol of our prosperity.
The smoke from lit cigarettes
lingered in every car,
the bloodthirsty salarymen
were always starting fights
with one another.
That's where it all began!
The birth of the train battle.
I was afraid.
Scared to see another piece
of Showa era culture fall away.
I couldn't bear it, to see
such things irrationally,
immorally, and
inconsiderately erased.
[POPUKO]
Yeah, I get it.
So even though I lost,
I'm happy to see train
battlers like yourself.
I'm glad you're
carrying the torch.
[POPUKO]
Old man.
[PIPIMI] I'm going to
bestow a dream upon you.
I give you the memories of those
who fought through
the Showa era.
Cherish them.
Tch. Fine. I guess I'll see
your dream through, old man.
I'm gonna become...
...the best train battler
in all of Japan!
To be continued.
[PIPIMI]
No, it isn't!
[POPUKO]
Why, though?
[PIPIMI]
It's not continuing!
[POPUKO] For real!
It's going to continue.
'Cause we ended up
with extra time.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Bob Epic Team.
[POPUKO]
Where am I?
Oh, look at you!
You're a real gem!
[POPUKO]
Uh, what?
We'll add this,
this, this, this!
Whoo, and look at you!
You're a natural! I knew
it the second I saw you!
[POPUKO]
Uh, what?
[COMMENTATOR A]
Round 1, you win!
Round 2, you win!
Semi-finals, you win!
Finals, fo sho!
[POPUKO]
Uh, what?
Pop Team Epic.
Guess this one's a dud.
Just toss it!
[POPUKO]
Toss!
Aw, it broke.
Just toss it.
[POPUKO]
Toss!
Something came out.
Just toss it.
[POPUKO]
Toss!
Welp, that's all she wrote!
Goodnight, folks!
[BOTH groaning]
Shit happens.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited,
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[laughs] What the heck?
Oh my god, that's hilarious!
[laughs] Let me try it again.
Yup, still hilarious!
[TEACHER A]
Hey, Popuoka!
Such things are
inappropriate for school!
You need to speak
with my Popuoka?
Speak with these.
They're B[beep] knives.
[POPUKO]
Oh, yeah!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Quick question! Can you look
right and left at the same time?
With your eyeballs?
Hm? Easy-peasy.
[yelling]
[POPUKO] I need all the
power I'll ever have.
[laughs] Like I could
actually do that!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
I want clout!
I'm gonna get new headshots
before next year.
[PIPIMI]
Whoa, there.
Noice.
[PIPIMI]
I want clout!
I'mma finally post that
selfie I forgot about!
[BOTH]
Noice!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Hey, I thought up
a senryu poem!
Oh, sweet, let's hear it!
Shut the fuck up, you.
I said, shut the fuck up, you.
Popuko.
My, that is so rude.
I must say that you lack
tact, and quality, too.
Pipimi.
What? Well, now I feel dumb.
I just read that poem out
loud ever so proudly.
Popuko.
Do not cry, my dear.
Tears are an accessory
that doesn't suit you.
Pipimi.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[siren wailing]
[YASU] Pipiboss, they haven't
stated an alibi at all!
[PIPIMI]
Leave this to me.
[YASU] The investigation
HQ's interrogation room.
Who did you want to call?
--[PIPIMI] Popu.
--[POPUKO] Yo.
[PIPIMI]
You did it, didn't you?
You did it, didn't you?!
--[PIPIMI yelling]
--[POPUKO] Ow! Ow, ow...!
[YASU] Boss! That's going
too far, don't you think?
[POPUKO]
Wait, you did it, didn't you?
[YASU yelling]
[POPUKO] The motherfucking
culprit is Yasu!
[YASU] Please order a halt to
this investigation, Pipiboss!
[YASU screams]
[PIPIMI]
Shut up! The culprit is--
[siren wailing]
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Let's battle using
dumb-ass personalities!
That's a great idea!
Here I go!
Merf.
[laughs] Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
--[PIPIMI] Mworf. Mworf.
--[POPUKO] Merf, merf, merf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[BOTH grunting]
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
--[PIPIMI] Mworf.
--[POPUKO] Merf.
--Mworf. Mworf.
--Merf...
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[BOTH grunting]
So, like, I guess we
can just talk now.
Yeah, just like talk. Fun.
So the whole reason we
got invited on here
to begin with is that
we're stupid, right?
[PIPIMI]
Ha! Yeah, pretty sure, heh.
I'm an idiot. They like us
dumb and malleable.
Yeah, my IQ is low.
I'm amazed they
let me drive a car.
My getting here alive was
a miracle. It really is.
Do they dictate your lines
for you? That's how I do it.
Oh yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah.
Right. Makes sense.
I mean, I guess one day
I'll learn to read,
but that day is not today.
I guess Cris George
loves us anyway?
Yeah, and Emily Neves'
lines only sound good
when dumb people say them, so...
Well, she's dumb,
so that makes sense.
She truly, truly is.
I mean, have you seen
her Twitter? Good lord.
I had to mute her.
Her tweets were making
me even dumber.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic .
[BOTH yelling]
[POPUKO]
Take this beam! I said beam!
[PIPIMI screams]
[POPUKO]
Did I finish her? Well?
Hell yeah!
[POPUKO]
Ugh, man, I'm bored.
Oh, I know! I'll go to Kyoto.
Know what I'm gonna buy?
A buncha get-off-my-lawn stones.
'Scuse me, you mind
if I put my seat down?
[PIPIMI]
No way, ya damn young'un.
Oh?
Then how 'bout I put
you down, old man?
[PIPIMI]
Oho.
I see the frog in the well knows
nothing of the great ocean.
Very well... I accept
your challenge!
It would appear that
you both accept.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Train battle!
[CONDUCTOR A]
Attention, passengers:
A train battle declaration has
just been issued in car 6.
We ask that the remaining
passengers in car 6
move to another car in a
swift and orderly fashion,
and those who would
like to watch the match
do so on the giant
screens in car 2.
Old man, you're
going to regret this.
[giggles] Time to learn
some manners, young'un.
[CONDUCTOR A]
The train battle will now begin.
[yells]
[PIPIMI]
This is nothing.
Huh?
[POPUKO yells]
[POPUKO]
Ah! Wowee, that's bwight.
[PIPIMI]
I scream, you scream! Hiyah!
[POPUKO]
Gah! We all scream!
Damn it. Oh, yeah.
Hey, you know that one comedian?
With that one bit?
Now!
[POPUKO]
A-E-I-O-U and sometimes... Y!
They're both down.
Whoever gets up first will
be declared the winner.
[PIPIMI] To think we've both
been dealt this much damage.
Call it a draw?
[gasps]
[PIPIMI] Impossible.
You're just as hurt as I am.
Take a look outside and weep.
[PIPIMI]
Outside?
[gasps]
[PIPIMI]
D-Doctor [beep]!
Doctor [beep] is known to bestow
good luck upon those who see it.
Well, old man,
you tried and failed.
[CONDUCTOR A]
The winner is Popuko.
Popuko.
[sighs]
So I've lost. You win this time.
I used to be better.
I was once a feisty little
train battler like you.
[POPUKO] That's a tray
for ash. An ashtray!
[PIPIMI] Back in the day, bullet
trains played a major part
in Japan's booming
economic growth,
the passion of the
Showa era itself!
The smoke from lit cigarettes
lingered in every car,
and bloodthirsty salarymen
were always starting fights
with one another.
That's where it all began,
the birth of the train battle.
I was afraid.
Scared to see another piece of
Showa era culture fall away.
I couldn't bear it, to see
such things irrationally,
immorally, and
inconsiderately erased.
It's good to know
there are still
train battlers like yourself.
I'm glad you're
carrying the torch.
[POPUKO] That's pretty
cringe, old dude.
[PIPIMI] I'm going to
bestow a dream upon you.
I give you the memories of those
who fought through
the Showa era.
Cherish them.
Tch. Fine. I guess I'll see
your dream through, old man.
I'm going to become...
...the best train battler
in all of Japan!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Bob Epic Team.
[POPUKO]
Where am I?
Oh, look at you!
You're a real gem!
[POPUKO]
Uh, what?
We'll add this,
this, this, this.
Whoo, and look at you!
You're a natural! I knew
it the second I saw you!
[POPUKO]
Uh, what?
[COMMENTATOR A]
Round 1, you win!
Round 2, you win!
Semi-finals, you win!
Finals, fo sho!
[POPUKO]
Uh, what?
Pop Team Epic .
Guess this one's a dud.
Just toss it.
[POPUKO]
And toss.
It broke.
Just toss it.
[POPUKO]
And toss!
Something came out.
Just toss it.
[POPUKO]
And toss!
Well, this is awkward.
Boner!
[POPUKO]
Well said.
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited,
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
Pushy push.
Oh mah gah, poppy poppy!
Squeezy squeezy.
Pushy push, poppy-pop!
[TEACHER A]
Hey, Popuoka!
Such things are
inappropriate for school!
[TEACHER A gasps]
C'mere.
[POPUKO]
Oh, yeah!
[POPUKO, PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic ?
Question, can you look right
and left at the same time?
With your eyeballs?
Yeah. Easy.
[yelling]
I did it!
[PIPIMI] You're supposed to say,
"Like I could actually do that!"
[POPUKO laughs]
[groans]
[POPUKO]
I wanna be in the spotlight!
Maybe I'll be a voice actor!
[PIPIMI]
Whoa, there.
Noice.
[PIPIMI]
I wanna be in the spotlight!
I had some afternoon tea.
[POPUKO yelling]
--[PIPIMI] Noice!
--[POPUKO] Noice! Noice!
[PIPIMI]
Say the line!
[POPUKO laughs]
Hi! I thought up
an enryusay oempay!
Have at it already!
Shut the fuck up, you.
I said, shut the fuck up, you.
Popuko.
My, that is so rude.
I must say that you lack
tact, and quality, too.
Pipimi.
Hm? What?
Well, now I feel dumb.
I just read that poem out
loud ever so proudly.
Popuko.
Do not cry, my dear.
Tears are an accessory
that doesn't suit you.
Pipimi.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[sirens wailing]
[YASU] Pipiboss, they haven't
stated an alibi at all!
[PIPIMI]
Leave this to me.
[YASU] The investigation
HQ's interrogation room.
Who did you want to call?
[PIPIMI]
Popu. You did it, didn't you?
You did it, didn't you?!
[YASU] Boss! That's going
too far, don't you think?
[POPUKO]
Wait, you did it, didn't you?
You did it, didn't you?!
[YASU]
Wait, no.
Please order a halt to this
investigation, Pipiboss!
[YASU screams]
[PIPIMI]
Shut up! The culprit is--
[siren wailing]
[POPUKO
Pop Team Epic ! Pi!
Let's battle using
dumb-ass personalities!
Great idea!
Here I go!
Merf.
[chuckles] Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf!
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
--[POPUKO] Merf, merf, merf...
--[PIPIMI] Mworf, mworf...
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
--[POPUKO] Merf.
--[PIPIMI] Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[POPUKO]
Merf.
[PIPIMI]
Mworf.
[BOTH grunting]
Hi! I thought up an
enryusay oempay. Um.
[POPUKO laughs]
[PIPIMI] Wait, let's do
that one more time.
Hold on. Come on.
Your line wasn't supposed
to go over mine there.
[POPUKO]
Nope, nope.
Well, now I feel dumb. Ugh.
I read that poem better
than I ever have before.
[PIPIMI] Let's start
over again, please?
[POPUKO]
Okay, fine.
Thank you very much
for purchasing Pop Team Epic.
We love you!
Hey, listen, there are people
streamin' it, too, you know.
Wait, hold on, are there people
who actually bought this crap?
Well, you were probably better
off buying bleepity-bleep,
in my humble opinion.
Popuko, what's bleepity-bleep?
Bleepity-bleep is totally
more bleepity-bleep
and a better deal,
overall, IMHO.
I've never ever heard
of that bleepity-bleep?
Huh, weird.
Act now and you get, uh...
a lemon with purchase.
[PIPIMI laughs]
[PIPIMI]
What are we even doing here?
Hey, Pipimi, question.
What are you going
to do with the money
you didn't spend on PTE S2 ?
Right now? Invest in
an accumulating NISA.
Ah, accumulating
nii- sans , eh?
That's great. Wait,
you're not buying PTE ?
Of course not. We get
a free copy, stupid.
--[POPUKO] Oh.
--[PIPIMI] Bye!